descriptions:

GRASSY FIELD
  You awaken in a grassy field surrounded by mountains. You have no idea who you are or how you got here

  There looks to be a mineshaft far off into the distance, tunneling into one of the mountains, to the west. There is also a creepy old looking log cabin to the south east and a forest to the north.

cavepart1:

CAVE
  You are now in the pitch black cave. You are surrounded by darkness, but there is a faint light coming from down the tunnel. The smell of sulfur has gotten stronger although their is now a new stench, it smells of decaying meat. If you decide to go further into the tunnel like cave, go west.


cavepart2:

CAVE
  As you continue further into the cave the potent smells continue to get stronger and stronger, however the light at the end of the tunnel proceeds to grow brighter. Eventually you come to a branching split in the cave where there are two tunnels, one to the left and one to the right.
  You at this moment notice the left tunnel has a purple portal like barrier. On the other side through the portal everything is blocky almost as if your mind has lost the ability to perceive slopes, spheres or angles. You can also see there are block like torches pinned to the side of the cave walls on the other side of the portal.
  The right tunnel is pitch black. There is an imp minding his own business facing the right wall blocking the path down that tunnel.

CAVE
  You stand at a branching split in the cave where there are two tunnels, one to the left and one to the right.
  The left tunnel has a purple portal like barrier. On the other side through the portal everything is blocky. You can also see there are block like torches pinned to the side of the cave walls on the other side of the portal.
  The right tunnel is still pitch black. The imp is minding his own business facing the right wall blocking that tunnel path.




  You stand at a branching split in the cave where there are two tunnels, one to the left and to the right. You also notice that everything is very block like. There are block like torches pinned to the walls.
